[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard, and
this is "Mystery Teachings."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In spiritual lingo,
we often hear
people talking about the light.
Be one with the light and flow
with the light, and so forth.
What does this mean?
We also hear people
say everything is light
like everything is energy.
What is the light?
I grew up with these concepts
of spirit, and love, and light,
and all of that, but
I pushed a lot of it
away when I got into
my academic studies.
In physics when we
talk about light,
we're talking about a
very specific thing.
In science, light is defined
as the visible light spectrum.
We're talking about the colors
like red, orange, yellow,
green, blue, and so forth.
And then we talk about the
electromagnetic spectrum,
which is a broader
spectrum that includes
ultraviolet light, gamma
rays, radio waves, and so on.
And once I experience
my spiritual reawakening
and started to seek out a
sense of spiritual community,
I was attending expos and
science and consciousness
events.
And at these events, I'd hear
people talk about the light.
And I wondered what do you mean?
Do you mean visible light?
I'd be guided through a
meditation, for example,
and they'd say,
imagine the light
coming down through
the top of your head
and filling your body.
And the question that
would come to my mind
was what color of light?
Is it gold light, or
white light, or purple?
I wondered whether
metaphysics defined
the light more like
a scientist would
rather than this vague
notion of spirit or energy.
Can we understand the
light, how to use it,
and how it relates to us?
Fortunately, I was
pleased to finally find
a more rigorous
philosophy about the light
when I found my way into the
Mystery School teachings.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In this episode, let's dive
into what the light really is,
including how it
flows from the source,
manifest down through
the plains of vibration
into this physical
experience, and let's
also explore our
relationship to the light.
But to begin with,
let's start by exploring
where does the light come from.
In season one of
"Mystery Teachings,"
we explored quite a bit about
the quantum sea of potential
and the zero-point field.
We also correlated this with
the Kabbalistic teachings
and the concept of this
limitless source or the Ain
Soph.
Now in many ancient
traditions, whether it's
Kabbalah, or Taoism,
or alchemy, we
have this notion of an
infinite source where
all potentiality is there.
Everything that could come into
being is contained within it,
but there are no distinctions.
There's not even a
notion of differences.
It's all combined together
into one infinite source
of potential, yet
nothing manifest.
In Kabbalah, we call that Ain
Soph, meaning the limitless
or without end.
It's a name for the
infinite source.
We can't really
define it beyond that.
It's beyond description.
Everything we
could say about it,
we could say the
opposite as well.
But everything begins
with this source,
which is at the infinitely
highest end of the spectrum.
There really is no end,
but you get the idea.
It's the highest possible
frequency levels,
and it's even beyond
this universe.
So it's hard to describe it with
words because words limit it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So we start there,
somewhere beyond.
And from this infinite
source, the light
begins to emerge out of it.
Many metaphysical teachings
say that from the source,
the essence of light flows from
nothing to become something.
And Kabbalah is
even more specific.
It talks about something
called the Three
Veils of Negative Existence.
These three veils are
called the Ain, which
means nothing, the
Ain Soph, which
can be translated as maybe
the limitless nothing,
and the Ain Soph Aur,
which is usually translated
as the limitless light.
And they exist above and
beyond or surrounding the tree
of life, meaning they precede
the highest spiritual realms.
And as the rays of
creation from source
pass through these three veils,
they go from limitless light,
to limitless
nothing, to nothing.
And then as they emerge
from the nothing,
they become something which then
forms into the tree of life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now what starts all
of this process?
Why is the light
emerging from source?
Well, a key teaching
here is that the light
has a specific purpose.
This is at the core of
understanding the light.
The light is purpose driven, the
will of Ain Soph or the source
sends that light
forward with a purpose.
There's an intent mixed
with a desire for something
to be accomplished.
Now what might that purpose be?
Well, in the
metaphysical teachings,
we hear the purpose
is to express itself,
to expand its reach in
order to realize more
of the full
potentials, to express
the full spectrum of becoming
actualized rather than just
remaining as potential.
And, ultimately,
what it's looking
for is self-actualization
which means
progression from potential
to full realization.
And the rest of what
follows is the result
of the divine purpose or intent.
Now in metaphysics,
there is a teaching
that says purpose defines form.
And as the light goes
out with a purpose,
in order to fulfill
that purpose,
we need the proper form.
We need a plan or some
structure or order
that's going to allow for
the purpose to be fulfilled.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Without structure or
order, what do we have?
Well, we have chaos,
and chaos is not
the most efficient
or effective way
to move things
forward and progress.
In order to progress
faster, we need order.
Now order allows for a synergy
of many different parts working
together, where each part
serves a unique function.
And this way we have less
duplication and the ability
to diversify it more.
So as the light
flows out to fulfill
the purpose of self-realization,
expansion, and progression,
it needs to organize itself.
So it creates a structure,
an ordered system of light.
But how does it do that?
Well, at the highest
spiritual levels
as the light begins
to organize, it
takes on unique expressions
of the one mind,
or in Kabbalah, we call
them intelligences.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
At each intersection
of light, there
is a spiritual consciousness
or intelligence
with a unique purpose.
We can think of these
as rays of light each
with the unique
frequency and vibration.
The rays, like ripples
on a quiet pond,
become the way that
the light structures,
divides, and recombine to
form many unique combinations.
But these rays are intelligences
or conscious beings
in their own right.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now what are we
talking about here?
Well, different spiritual
traditions around the world
have deities of some kind.
Maybe they're archangels,
angels, gods and goddesses,
and various other spirit beings.
They may be given
different names.
But when you look
at their essence,
they all have the same
archetypal signatures.
Regardless of the
names we give them,
they're all part
of this structure.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So here we have all the myriad
of spiritual beings populating
the realms of the
spirit, and yet
they organize themselves
according to certain orders
and number sequences.
In the Kabbalistic
tradition, they
talk about the rays
dividing from one,
to two, to three, then seven,
12, 22, 32, 64, and onwards,
and onwards to 144,000 rays.
And there are different
neurological sequences
that this ordering
can take place in.
We're not going to get
into all the details here.
But for now, let's call
this whole structure
the hierarchy of light.
It includes all the
realms of the spirit
and the centers of consciousness
that operate at these levels.
These are the highest vibrations
of the spectrum consisting
of the rays of light that
flow from the source.
What does the light look like
at each level of the structure?
Well, again, purpose
defines form.
And each ray has
a unique purpose.
And as those rays
diversify, they
take on a more specific purpose.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Higher up within the
structure, the purpose
is more all encompassing
or more general.
But as the rays divide and we
move down towards manifestation
in the physical,
the purpose becomes
more specific and diverse.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
All of this comes from the one.
But the one must diversify
itself and become the multitude
in order to manifest the
fullness of its potential.
So here we can see how
monotheistic, pantheistic, and
panpsychic spiritual traditions
can all be reconciled.
We could say that there
are many gods and goddesses
and that all things
contain the divine within,
and yet it all comes from one.
Now to get a better
idea of this,
I like to use the law
of correspondence.
As above, so below.
As below, so above.
And what do we have
here below that
could be a good correspondence
to the structure
of the hierarchy above?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We're not going to look
at man-made hierarchy.
We all know how flawed
those systems are.
And we see the results of
those flaws in our corporations
and governments.
But in nature, we have
systems of hierarchies
that are naturally
made, and, ultimately,
the ancient metaphysicians
said, man know thyself.
And they also said that man
is the measure of all things.
When we come to know ourselves,
we come to know the divine.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So if we look at
ourselves, what do we see?
Well, I'm one whole
body, one whole being.
And within my being, there are
many levels and structures.
There's order in
how it's organized.
If we look at just
our anatomy, it's
a very interconnected system.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We have major systems like
the circulatory system,
the nervous system, digestive
system, the respiratory system,
and so forth.
And these major systems
allow for the functioning
of the whole.
And within these
major systems, we
have the organs
that then run them.
We have the heart, the brain,
the intestines, the lungs.
So we have these
systems, and they're
run by these major organs.
And then within any organ, there
are compartments and different
ways in which it functions.
It's divided up in certain ways.
And then when you get into
the tissues, and the muscles,
and go even deeper
into the cells,
we can see how it
continues to divide.
Different types of cells
have different functions,
and yet they all
operate together
to orchestrate the whole.
Each step deeper into the
system becomes more specialized.
And we can go even deeper to the
proteins, and the amino acids,
and the DNA and then
all of that going down
into the atomic and subatomic
levels of this organized
system.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And this coordination
at every level
allows for the health
and functioning
of life of the whole body, and
yet we are one whole being.
So this is a good way to think
of the hierarchy of light.
The hierarchy of light is like
the body of divine source.
And the major
systems of this body
could be like the officers
or orders of the archangels
or the gods and goddesses.
And then the major organ is
like a specific archangel
with a specific area
of responsibility.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The compartments and
the cells of that organ
are then like the
angelic hosts that
operate under the archangels.
We can go deeper until we come
into the core DNA level or even
the atomic level, the
most basic building
blocks of the whole system.
Now how far does the
spiritual hierarchy
of light, the
system of order go?
Well, it reaches
all the way down
to this physical density
to us here on Earth.
We're a part of it
too, and every part
is needed for the
functioning of the whole.
No one part is any
better than any other.
It's a coordinated symphony
of creation and manifestation
to build the functions
of this universal body.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So we have this spectrum of
energy flowing from the source,
diversifying, specializing,
and then expressing
the potential of the divine
into a physical manifestation.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The higher we go in the system,
the more functions each part
has to oversee, the more all
encompassing its purpose.
But the further down we go,
we get more into the details
with more specific purposes
and specialized roles.
This is the true nature of
hierarchy created by the light.
This is the way
things are ordered.
Now spiritual beings of every
tradition around the world
are all a part of this system.
They're all part of
this universal body.
They all have a purpose
and are flowing the light
according to their purpose.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
They take that light coming
down from the level above it
and then distribute it
to the levels below.
Another term that
we can give this
is the cosmological structure.
Now as the light moves beyond
the realms of pure spirit,
it comes into the
realms where it
starts to manifest within
the physical densities,
and we participate
in this process.
As spiritual beings
here in the physical,
we have the ability
to wield this light
to create and manifest from.
Now from perspective
of metaphysics,
which is both a scientific
and a spiritual philosophy,
understanding the light
starts with knowing ourselves,
knowing how we stand in relation
to the powers of the universe
and to the light and everything
that forms this universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
If we know how we stand in
relationship to the rays
and understand what
they are, we can then
understand how to
harness them more.
We can use them to unlock more
of the potential within us
to manifest and create
within this physical density.
Now what is the
ultimate function
of this hierarchy of light
that I've just described?
Well, beyond it
being about order,
the main function of this
structure is about service.
The light must be distributed
to the rest of creation.
And the function is to serve
that will of the divine source
and to express
itself and progress.
Now as the light
flows from the source,
it starts at that highest
vibration of the spectrum.
And the hierarchy
of light then helps
to slow it down and
direct the light
to serve its ultimate purpose.
Where does the light
go next from here?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
As the light is shifting
from the spiritual realms
through the councils of
the hierarchy of light
and into the realms of
physical manifestation,
now here is where we can start
to perceive the energy more
directly.
It's all one big spectrum and
all these different levels
of energy.
And in season one, we
talked about vibration,
and different density levels,
and how light manifests itself
through the plains of vibration.
And throughout each level
of this light spectrum,
remember the light
is purpose driven.
But first the light comes
into the manifested realm
in the form that we know of as
the electromagnetic spectrum.
This includes everything from
gamma rays all the way down
to microwaves, and radio
waves, and even beyond that.
And this light then creates
all things through energy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
But what do we mean by energy?
Well, we can talk
about E about equals mc
squared or vibrational energy.
And it's true that
everything is energy.
But here at a
metaphysical level,
it becomes organized
by the archetypes.
And what do we mean by that?
Well, the archetypes
organize this energy
and begin to create forms.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And the archetypes
include things
like the four elements of
earth, water, air, and fire.
But at this point, they're
not yet manifested.
These are more like
philosophical elements
at the beginning of form, at
the higher vibrational level.
The archetypes also include
the 12 astrological archetypes
and the union archetypes
that influence
the mind and the psyche.
And it's also the archetypes
of numbers, letters, sounds,
and sacred geometries.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So at this level of energy,
it's pure archetypal form
that we're talking about here.
Now as the light slows down
further from the archetypes,
it's then next expressed
and carried through sound.
Sound, it's still
vibrational energy.
But now it's moving
as pressure waves.
And here it's moving the
materia of whatever medium
it's traveling through, whether
it's air, or space, or water,
or earth.
Sound is vibrational
energy that moves
matter which we can
see through the study
and demonstrations of cymatics.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
As the light flows down
through this level of sound,
how does it manifest next?
Well, to answer that,
let's take a closer look
at the structure of sound
and see where this leads us.
The octave is a scale of seven
notes with the eighth note
stepping up to the next octave.
Now, this isn't the only
way to divide sounds.
In other traditions, there
are seven notes, for example,
or 24 notes.
But the seven note octave
is aligned with the notion
of the sacred number seven.
And this number
corresponds with the way
that the spiritual realms
organize themselves,
while the number 12 is more
related to the physical realms
of manifestation.
So in this seven note octave,
we have do, re, mi, fa, so,
la, ti.
And this is the original
sound spectrum based
on the seven rays of creation.
And the way that
we divide this up
is by working with
the infinity loop.
When most people think
of the infinity loop,
they think of two even
loops with the note
at the very center.
But this is not the
true infinity loop.
The two halves of the
true infinity loop
are actually not equal.
Now how can I say that?
Well, because when we're
talking about the laws, of sound
we're also talking about the
laws of music, which means
we're talking about
the laws of harmony.
And these are the same as
a laws of sacred geometry,
meaning it's all
about proportion.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So we ask what
proportions of things
can we work with so that they
are in harmony with each other?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Goethe described sacred
geometry as frozen music.
The proportions that make
things beautiful and pleasing
to the eye are also what make
things pleasing to the ear.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In music, we talk
about something
called the perfect 5th, which
is a 3 to 2 type of ratio
or the fifth note
in a scale of seven.
This is the note of so, the
perfect fifth, the so chord,
is what we'd call
the harmony point.
So if we draw the infinity
loop around the musical scale,
the node where the two parts
of the infinity loop cross,
that balance point
must be at the note
of so, that perfect fifth.
What we see here is that
it's not a 50-50 split.
There are four notes on one
side and two on the other.
And it relates more
to the Fibonacci
sequence and the golden ratio
as opposed to a 50-50 ratio.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And this is really
important when
it comes to the flow
and slowing things down
towards life and creation.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What happens if we put the
balance point at 50-50?
Well, there's no movement.
We have stagnation
or a stalemate.
Now what this note so
reveals is that asymmetry
with perfect harmony
is the proper balance.
Now we have harmonious
movement and flow.
And a key here is that
this balance point
forms what we call the
central core to all things.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now at this balance
point, the light
forms the central core
energy, and it becomes
what we call a tunnel of light.
In alchemy, they would
call it the axis mundi.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
In Kabbalah, it's the middle
pillar of the tree of life,
and it runs down through the
center axis of all things.
It runs her own body, our
DNA, the atoms, and the earth.
It's the center axis
around which all things
flow and are organized around.
The perfect fifth opens
up this tunnel of light
which acts like a portal or
wormhole that moves energy
from the higher realms
of light into denser
realms of physicality.
And all of the energies
of the higher realm
is generated from the source,
including the spiritual realms,
the electromagnetic energies,
the councils, the archetypes,
the sounds.
Everything that is expressed
out into the universe
goes through this
tunnel of light
to be manifested
into the physical.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What forms does
the light take on
as it first starts to manifest?
Well, as that light enters
into this central core
tunnel, its tunnel
of light, this
is where it comes
into frequency levels
that we can begin to
perceive as humans.
The first way we start
to perceive this light
is actually through knowledge.
There's a whole
vibrational realm
where all knowledge is stored.
And in metaphysical
terms, we call
this realm an
archetypal storehouse
known as the Akashic zone.
And within the scientific
holographic model
that was discussed
in season 1, I
would say that this
storehouse of knowledge
is the template of information.
It is the holographic
encoding level.
It's the boundary
surface of the universe
that the light gets
projected through
to manifest the
universe that we know.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now that encoding level
might be the outer edges that
surround the physical
universe we know,
or it could be within
every point of space
known as the zero-point field.
It's the interference patterns
of waves upon the surface
of the quantum sea.
And light is projected
from the implicate order
or from that source, those
higher spiritual realms,
onto the surface and then into
the explicate order creating
the hologram or the physical
universe that we experience.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now after light passes
through this Akashic zone,
it next moves through
the seven astral planes.
And with each of these
levels, the vibrational energy
of the light slows
down even more.
These seven planes
correspond, again,
to that seven notes on the
octave scale which are governed
by the laws of harmony.
Each of these notes comes
into the central core
and then vibrates out from
it and forms an astral plane.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And in between these planes
are sometimes what we call
etheric energy, which
divides the astral planes.
And through our consciousness
and methods of astral travel,
we can access these
astral planes,
including the Akashic zone.
And through pure consciousness,
we can perceive these energies.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now let's dig into
this a little deeper.
This structure of the
seven astral planes
gives us access to knowledge.
Now how exactly do we access it?
Well, at the highest level,
the seventh dimension,
and the Akashic zone above
it, we perceive life's energy
by understanding the source.
All the energy from
source and the divine
is reflected down into this
realm so that we can know
and perceive it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Then as we come into
the sixth, the fifth,
and the fourth astral planes,
we perceive these energies
by being one with the spirit,
our own eternal being.
Here we have access to many
spirit beings and the higher
wisdom that we're here to learn.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
As we come down even
further into the third,
second, and first
astral dimensions,
these are realms of what we
call the elemental powers.
And we perceive these
energies by working
with the elemental powers.
These are the powers of
elemental beings known
as fairies, gnomes, or
other mythological beings,
which are archetypal,
but they aren't just
concepts or imaginary.
In these astral planes,
these beings are real,
and they exist here.
And we can tune in
and connect with them
by raising our vibration
up to these first, second,
and third astral levels.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now as you can begin to see
now, there is quite a process
that the light goes
through to reach us here
in this physical density.
It's a very multi-layered and
multi-dimensional structure.
And there's still more.
As the light continues to go
down through the central core,
it comes into what we now
call the etheric powers.
And these etheric
energies divide
those astral planes and
correspond with a certain type
of energy that we call will.
Now remember the light--
it was sent out with
an intent, meaning
a will of divine source.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now, here, at this level,
there are three wills.
There's the highest
will of the divine,
but then we also have the will
of nature in the universe.
And we have the will of
humans as a collective.
And we can perceive
these energies
through acceptance
of these wills.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now what this means is that
by accepting the divine will
and becoming one
with that will, we
can perceive or be in
tune with this energy.
And what might this
look like in our lives?
Well, imagine the
clarity we would
have if we lived in alignment
with divine will all the time.
We'd be living a life
of exploring the fullest
expression of our
potential not just getting
by but living life fully
alive with joy and passion,
creating and
expressing ourselves
in alignment with our gifts
and our sense of purpose.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And, next, to perceive the
will of nature in the universe,
we then need to be in tune
or flowing and in harmony
with natural law.
How often are we aware
of the world around us?
Are we paying attention to
the subtle energies that we're
interacting with, the
energies of nature,
the consciousness of
the earth, or do we
tune it out and live a
one dimensional life,
believing this physicality
is all there is?
Or do we see the world
as alive and conscious?
Being in tune with nature
and the greater universe
is what helps us to
perceive these energies.
It's simply a matter of tuning
in and bringing our attention
to it.
And then the third layer
of this etheric energy
is the will of humans, and we
perceive the will of humans
by recognizing that we are
a part of the collective.
That means that
everything that happens
within the collective will of
humanity is also within us.
It's not just out there.
It's also in here.
And when we accept that we are
part of the will of humans,
we not only can
perceive the energy
that is flowing through but
we can also influence it.
We can start to direct it
in a more positive way.
Now as the light
continues to flow down
through the vibrational levels,
down through that central core,
it eventually comes
into our energy body.
Now what does this structure
of our energy body consist of?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Well, as a light hits
the physical density
at this dimension, it becomes
what we call magnetic energy.
And here we mean the
electromagnetic energy
that we can feel
with our senses.
And as we become more active
with our magnetic energy,
we can also perceive more.
Magnetic energy is
something we can feel.
It's all about polarity.
We have the polarity of left
and right, north and south,
male and female.
It's also about the flow of
energy between those poles.
And magnetic energy is also
about movement and balancing,
trying to find that dynamic
movement between the poles.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
People who have strong
magnetic energies and fields,
they're often noticed as
having a magnetic personality.
We're naturally drawn to
them or sometimes we're
repulsed by them.
Now martial artists often have
a very strong magnetic field
because they actively work
on developing their qi
and moving that energy
between the left
and right sides with balance.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now in addition to
magnetic energy,
as the light continues to flow
in through our central core,
it also then flows out
through the chakras.
And as it flows out
through the chakras,
it fills this bubble of energy
around us called the aura.
Now the more we engage
with these energies,
the more we can perceive
what's coming in to our field.
It becomes like
another sensory system.
Imagine not just the
information coming in
through the direct
physical senses,
but now it's like
having feelers out
through this large sphere
of energy around you.
And everything that enters into
this sphere, we can perceive.
The more we use this
energy of our aura,
the more we'll know what's
happening around us as well
as within us.
And not only does the light
flow through our aura,
but it also flows
through our tree
of life, which is contained
within every cell of our body
as our DNA.
And we can perceive this energy
even more by activating our DNA
and working with
our tree of life.
And as we do this, we
activate more of our potential
here in this physical dimension
and this density level.
We're turning on
the light switches,
accessing the light of
the highest source flowing
into us and into our DNA.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now as the light comes into
us and into the physical forms
of life around us,
here we finally
perceive this life
energy through our five
physical senses.
By embracing these forms of
life through seeing, hearing,
tasting, touching,
and smelling them,
this is how we fully engage
in this experience of life.
And doing so awakens
more of our consciousness
here in our physical
life bringing us
to a greater awareness
of the light of spirit
embodied in the physical world.
So embrace those forms of life
with all your five senses.
Spiritual light
and consciousness
exist in everything.
And the more we embrace
the forms of life
through a sensory rich
life experiencing all
that life has to
offer, the more we
become awakened to
spirit in everything.
So this is how the light flows
from the highest source down
through the spiritual
realms, down
through the electromagnetic
spectrum, the archetypes,
the field of celestial
sounds, and then
down into that tunnel of light
through the astral planes,
the etheric field, the
magnetic energies into the aura
and the energy body
that we have, and then,
finally, into the DNA and
the four elements of earth
that we experience
through our senses.
And it flows into those physical
forms that we're surrounded by.
And by embracing these
forms with our senses ,
we awaken more fully.
It's all about
vibrational energy
and perceiving that
vibrational energy.
And there are many ways
that the light manifests,
and we can perceive
it in many ways.
But the important thing here
is that it's all one spectrum.
It's not necessarily a
continuum, but it is all one.
And from the highest spiritual
energy to the most dense,
it's all light from source.
And yet there are a multitude
of ways that we can experience
the expression of the oneness.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now in the Mystery
School, we train people
how to perceive all of
these levels of energy
that we've talked about here.
It's a process of time, and
it starts from the bottom up.
It starts with embracing
all the forms of life
and activating the DNA and then
into the magnetic, the etheric,
the astral dimensions,
onwards and upwards.
In the Kabbalistic
tradition, we also
talk about the ways in which the
light manifest as it flows down
from the source into
the tree of life
and then into the
physical world.
As a Kabbalist working with
this blueprint for creation,
we become the masters
of manifestation
and create like
the source creates.
We have this ability, and
this is what we're here to do.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Join me again as we dive into
the blueprint of manifestation
and the magic formula for
mastering this process.
I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard.
Thank you for exploring the
mysteries of the light with me
in this episode of
"Mystery Teachings."
[MUSIC PLAYING]